Emergency start all assembled
Jingwei is assembled
everyone
The time has come to test us
Huancheng Xionglin Sheng Qiangxiu Group
Korean dramas have been a disaster for more than ten years
Make his people dare to be angry and dare not speak
Today we're going to wipe them all out
Location Xijiao unfinished building
The goal is to annihilate all gangs of Xionglin Shengqiang in the ancient city
Do you have any questions? No problem.
Action is
They say this woman is made of water
Hahaha, but what do I think?
You are more tender than water, hahahaha.
Ah get your dirty hands off
Li Shenqing, my dad is here and can't spare you.
And big sadness
Please understand the situation
Your dad is on his own now
Who else can we save?
Do you know that Tibetan style department you mentioned? Hehe
I guess he would be dead by now hahaha
Brother, you are humble, shameless and shameless
That's right, I'm shameless
Here we go.
I'll show you what tastes better
Ah!
Hahahaha
Ok bro
Get ready to face the wind
Ahahahaha, help, help!